done to be going now all right this is
the high spot for what's today it's the
19th February and so first item actually
since we're coming up with some
technical difficulties was getting it
started how did the zoom presentation
presentation mode zoom test run go did
that happen this week it's happening
this Wednesday it's actually one of the
items on the agenda just Oh further down
all right and so I'll move my okay I'm a
quarter's thing further down so the next
item is daveed with dr. window today PFS
tan MD that's why it'll actually oh no
no go for it sorry I was like distracted
are we at the your agenda item which has
published initial version of talks that
window directive s tonight all right
yeah so like it's a quick aside from my
end we created the initial introductory
document regarding window ipfs object
which is introduced when you install
ipfs companion it's a very basic initial
version of document for developers and
users and my like request our like it
would be very nice if someone interested
in using window ipfs took a look at it
and if you have any questions that are
not answered by this document please
create an issue or it early submit pull
requests with question so that we can
address create a Q&A document around
that PR
to that document this will be decision
airily done we are finalizing some
permission-based
user interface and we will probably have
a better ID with all all security
related fixes to that version that is in
the master branch is functional but it
does not solve all security issues so
you can experiment with that but it's
not safe to use yet that's but that's
all from my end there are no questions
part of the station no no we like the
window EFS is something that will all be
present on every webpage
after you install our browser extension
browser extension is called a TFS
companion so what we decided is that if
you have ipfs companion installed you
will have this object on every webpage
it's like extension of your browser
engine you can disable access to this
API permanently for all pages but for
like development and initial experiments
we will ship with it and enabled by
default but you will have to explicitly
grant access to specific api's to a
specific web page or even half on the
let's say ipfs gateway
all right with your other questions
Johnny yeah so just the security
concerns so this is actresses of using a
proxy to your running go ipfs or JIS
ipfs instances so it's not its own
instance of an IP FS so the key
management is stored in either chrome
[Music]
sandbox and so exec being encrypted and
for runtime and like a secure vault well
like right now it's like you have this
browser an extension and this browser
extension will be able to ship its own
JSI PFS note or you can set up here this
browser extension to connect to external
node and right now we assume the access
to the there is no access control when
it comes when between browser extension
and your note if you like set up some
kind of basic alpha or stuff like that
maybe that will work but right now we
don't have any key key based access
control for node what we do is to assume
that you want to limit access to your
node between browser extension and web
page and that is when we have access
control browser extension is kind of
like in the god mode right now it can
execute any api's and I like a simple
explanation would be how the geolocation
permissions in the browser work trail or
the microphone where you navigate to a
page and they try to use like the effort
from the browser extension and you never
used it before there will be a little
pop-up request your permission to use
files add or whatever so nothing is
handled by the actual extension is just
a proxy with like a tiny ACL layer tied
to the origin of the website
yeah I think that's a good metaphor we
may be we may update the document to
include that that's very good thank you
to be what about other extensions so if
an extension wants to use we know that
ipfs but itself will be present in
different web pages like how will that
work like right now if there is an X
okay so when it comes to window ipfs
it's just there so if you have a extend
other browser extension that can inject
content scripts into web pages it will
just have access to window ipfs and it
will be able to execute JavaScript
against that that's one of the reasons
why we have access control to that this
is purely based on the content scripts
within a web page we will probably have
a separate API for exposing the same set
of api's to other browser extensions
within a native API but that one will be
probably done after we are done with
this one we don't want to like spread
ourselves too thin I'll just go for
Johnny it sounds like there is
definitely a lot of document there's
this documentation has to be really
really clear yeah that's my main reason
why I suppose this we want to source all
questions and ideally just do it or by a
github so that others can like reuse the
question right okay house just uh can
you run multiple proxies one for let's
say public IP FS and then one for a
private one at the same time right now
no right now you have like your
canonical
note set up in your browser extension
you can of course switch between
different modes within the Preferences
screen but at one time you have access
to only one note okay okay I'll defer
the rest of the discussion to github I
might oh can you add the link to where
the discussion will be happening and get
yeah all right thanks
all right so then next I don't webinar
tests to be all right this is just like
a kind reminder this Wednesday we will
test the webinar picture of zoom and
it's the feature that will enable us to
livestream to YouTube and get the
recording there automatically without
having to do this all of these extracts
in the beginning of the call right now
we have four people that volunteered to
test it with me essentially what I'm
going to do is create script because I'm
going to create a webinar as a host and
I'm going to give host to someone else
by email but I'm going to ask someone
that is not a host to join the webinar
first and see if they can open a call
without any of the house we present and
then well and then there will be more
steps and a notice like have probably a
Google Doc shared between all the people
that are participating and a chat either
KRC or to the Google Doc itself and it
was just like follow step by step and
make sure we have all of our questions
answered and so if you want to partake
on this subscribe to the issue just with
your and all there and I'll send you
details tomorrow with the script for
Wednesday
you
any questions who's planning to
participate in that test
IG j Lars Demetri who he's not able to
join us he's called today but he also
wants to join you up yeah okay all right
well then next agenda item admin data
routes good time to discuss the audience
called evolution yeah I just threw that
in there really quickly because if I
remember correctly the part of the
purpose of the conference test and the
streaming to YouTube was more
inclusiveness in this call and I was
kind of tasked with creating possible
action items were evolving this call to
be more inclusive which I think might be
across purposes with the Sprint meetings
so I'm essentially proposing creating a
new call for new comers new ideas just
something more comfortable for new
people to throw in rather than going all
through these existing sprint bullet
points but so could you buy this time
just I was following your link and you
link to an issue that's about making
these calls shorter but then it looks
like you've added a comment at the
bottom of that just linking to a
proposal I could you maybe just give
this analysis of what that proposal is
sure thing if you follow the thread in
that link it started as just shorten
everything the half-hour but then went
into okay when do we do demos how do we
do demos and to me that looked like it
was becoming kind of a call evolution
discussion so I proposed okay this is
part of that call evolution and maybe
just instead
burdening this call given a half-an-hour
constraint that was being proposed
already creating a new call maybe before
the research call weekly which is a
little more open-ended and just having
space for newcomers or just new ideas to
come in without burdening the existing
all hats
alright would you be able to I'm trying
to I'm so I'm trying to listen to you
and read your proposal at the same time
is there
are you so are you proposing to have a
discussion about how it should be
structured are you are you proposing
that we have some sort of discussion on
github about a completely different
structure for these calls yeah it could
be that existing issue would start with
a half an hour thing but seems more
wide-ranging to me or we can work it off
to a new issue or even a discourse
community discussion if you want my
inclination would be open a new github
issue and pose it as a proposal like I
proposed that we changed the All Hands
calls to have X structure so that then
people in that case I would actually say
I proposed a new call an order not the
burden all hat and it should have that
structure that kind of thing okay Johnny
how it just takes some of the items on
discourse and actually just have a
webinar to actually to walk through them
and so that it's not burning the All
Hands call but actually like it's
meaningful dialogue about the top issues
that are coming up on discourse whether
it be introduction to ipfs what is a dag
and just to roll through and actually
have video documentation of of those
items in this course
I find discourse like just it's just a
whole bunch of stuff that and I not very
useful but I think I'm very much a
visual learner and I like to see
examples and I think it it allows to
kill two birds with one stone which is
actually have a generalized discussion
I'm a high PFS not burning the all-hands
contributors but actually it has
bringing in a community with watching
videos and the yet at the same time
tackling those those items on discourse
you know I like that proposal I'm also
wondering so it's like there's that and
open discussion and then there's time
for demos and then there's time for the
teams to coordinate and I agree that
breaking it out might make sense and so
that each of them it doesn't really
influence the time commitment of the
others
[Music]
yeah I feel like if you open a github
issue that's the best way for us to sort
of collect the ideas and then we could
revisit next week but if anyone has held
it up but if anyone else has ideas right
now that you want to kick out that the
jury could add to that issue or sort of
folding as comments go ahead and speak
up okay great well then I look forward
to seeing that that that item evolving
cuz you're definitely right that it's a
little bit murky of like what is this
specific call for and if we shorten it
to 30 minutes what is getting cut out
and what is being included so thanks for
making it more explicit and for
connecting with that that connects with
inclusiveness and how accessible these
calls feel anything else on that one
okay all right now I've I've lost myself
in the in the notes is it daveed yeah to
be the jsf a fist release
this quick announcement there will be
yes I think that's wheelies coming up
hopefully this week you can see the link
to the issue yeah there's a really a lot
of stuff like that the last view is was
in January 16 so one month and there was
new things added to repute appear which
is a relative Josiah things added to IPL
be that house are available to Jessica
first and also a lot of things that you
just said you can sort of bug fixes a
lot of dogs what's off improve with
examples as usual I will create that
iolite section it just takes some time
to write and so right now you have the
issue and you like the release checklist
doing it's like you'll see the
authorites and yeah if you are using
just activist and if you have a batch of
tests that we can easily try them like
just keep calm the repo and p.m. link
the way this just a profess and run a
test and see if something breaks let me
know because I would love to test your
app and help you migrate to the new ipfs
or even understanding if we broke
something that we didn't intend to there
were some minor changes and nothing on
the main epi mostly on the lip up1 and
yeah that's it follow up on the human or
if you have any questions now I'm here
to answer them alright that's it
here Rob I didn't have a question about
the DJ s ipfs stuff no wonder let you
finish on that I just had thought about
the call things that I wanted to ask
about if nobody has so they js4 these
questions so so I just wanted to ask not
not necessarily a proposal but has
anybody here tried before since I
haven't been around that long having
some sort of regular like few hour two
or three lon like office hours sort of
time this is very like beginner-friendly
like sign on and ask questions and we'll
have one or two like people who go I'd
give us or just give us around answer
those because I feel like a lot of what
I'm hearing is that there's like an
important mechanistic aspect to this
call and that's necessarily like not
going to be super friendly to newcomers
like somebody has to feel comfortable
with ipfs before they feel like
comfortable at the level that they're
like I want to participate this is all
about making it work as opposed to like
getting to use it so like and I do this
like have a different call as this sort
of sense of like what's the more
beginner new people to the community
welcome open space and I think a lot of
that revolves around not being so in it
in all the minutiae about what happens
here but like big picture like been
uncomfortable in the community and then
maybe showing up to office hours like
help explain to other people or whatever
so just a thought
well from the beginning of the project
we definitely tried multiple versions of
office hours in the beginning it was all
IRC we didn't even have calls and like
we were available from a period of time
every day that's like we were like just
thing lots of attention to IRC and
people would come and ask questions well
there see channel now I was like more
than thousand people and make it really
hard to have discussions there and so
then we jump into calls and we have
calls per project and they were brought
like PM calls but and answered questions
calls and then it evolved to this type
of call that we have right now we try to
have office hours again
and and I think the reason why we
stopped was not because they were not
useful it's just a matter of keeping the
pace because when you have office hours
every week everyone knows that they can
count on those office hours but not when
you fail a week or two because you are
in conferences or your time zones are
all shuffled up because that sometimes
happens it makes it really hard for the
community to understand when we are
available and when we are not and so it
kind of like derailed and and we lost
that momentum there
I don't know agree like having a place
where the community can come and learn
from the people that are hacking like
every day on a project will be very
useful because then they can help us
read the docs write the blog posts etc
it is just like hard to keep everyone in
check making sure that office hours
happen and that they are productive and
that they are well communicated and that
there is notes with like those ask
questions etc etc etc and so if people
want to like try it again I'll
definitely be really help to try it
again probably this time with a little
bit more explicit department than the
previous ones
you
I would also want to find a way to put
it bound on it I think two hours every
week out of people's time is a lot of
time and so so figuring out how to edit
like yeah and how did how to put it
right framing on it that it's not over
committing or so that it's sustainable
basically
like looking added also one on a
one-on-one time with developers and so
on is very very useful but I think there
should be added benefit to rest of the
community because this hour to that
developer spends
literally like creating ad hoc
documentation for someone could be spent
at the same time creating this
documentation for everyone so some
approach like like quick like at the
same time creating the documentation
that is being transferred by call and
creating an F form that allows others to
also use it would be also quick yeah I
guess that was that would come back to
the proposal of the Johnnies proposal of
basically picking plucking things from
discourse and telling people in advance
we're going to talk about this topic
this week and answer then people who are
interested in that topic know that it's
going to be discussed they join in we
know that like there's a framing around
that recording of it's a discussion of
that topic you can add a link to it from
that discourse issue so that rather than
it being entirely unstructured of just
show up at this time if you have
questions but then that takes then
there's a curatorial overhead of
choosing what's a feature and scheduling
it and telling everyone that is
scheduled and all of that so we would
have to make sure to make provisions for
doing all right
we did could we defer that discussion to
the github issue yes all right so okay I
make quarter scores so last week we
talked about how this worked if you
follow the link oh wait I'll share my
screen
I measure this one
okay so last week I showed everyone how
we're doing these scores that um well
let's look at the core working groups
sheet first so core working group set a
bunch of a bunch of objectives and a
bunch of key results that measure
whether they're making progress for
those towards those objectives and then
we rank them by priority p0 being the
highest priority before bidding the
lowest every K R has an owner and then
what we did this last week is that we
set um so for mine for this first one I
think I've done about a third of the
work towards actually hitting this key
result and I think that I'm projecting
even though we're halfway through the
full court I'm projecting that by the
end of the quarter I'll have this done
so I'm projecting a one out on it even
though I've only done a third of the
work right now so that's what everyone
has done with all of their K ours
they've put in how much work have I done
up to now and how much do I think will
be done at the end of the quarter on
this particular key result and so we
have lots and lots of working groups and
lots and lots of chaos one of the things
that we're learning is ideally you
should only have like three objectives
for each of these sheets for each of
these working groups and within each of
those objectives there should only be
like a maximum of four K hours it should
be like three or four K ours maybe finds
weird if you can look through these
sheets some of the K ours as some of the
groups have like lots and lots of chaos
under an individual objective and we
just sort of let that happen we said you
know we're learning something new this
is it's a new skill it's a new thing
we're trying it out so we've left left
room for how people that have a lot of
noise and use sheets but as a result
makes a little bit hard to read unless
you're really involved in the work of
that that particular group so we have
this one sheet that gives you sort of
bubbled up version
just shows you the objectives for each
of the working groups and I've extended
that to show you what their scores are
um so I can report back from the core
working group this is basically the tech
leads plus one plus me I and it's more
figuring out the overall structure and
you could say the essential thing we're
focusing on is is giving clarity to what
is this structure for working groups
how do working groups form how do they
dissolve how do they what are their
responsibilities and I've been working
on an art of c2 for that proposes that
um and actually if you go to ipfs /r se
that in that github repo you can see
that stuff evolving it's not quite ready
for review but if you're especially
curious you could look Jeremy's not here
to give an update on like go ipfs work
to be do you want to give a quick update
on the JSI PFS work sure I'll do just
any fess is a little bit like Charlotte
cross also just sweep it appear and just
like you'll be the the objectives the
primary objectives for Jessica Frances
quarter were really growing the team and
if people dedicated to the most pressing
issues like things like HP more people
on relay and so on and Matt if you don't
mind like just switching the tabs or two
this is do you want the details yeah I
think it just helps so you can see here
it's more about getting more people
focused so that there is more developers
like full-time developers like on top of
the issues for for Jessica to hear there
is no like spreadsheet because like a
lot of those key results are in bed on
the Jessica first ones and you can see I
things like connection manager and HC
and secret really are clearly
peer-to-peer
but yeah part of the Jessica stack
yeah connection energy is progressing
quite nicely like this row has been
doing a great job just like owning that
circuit really Dimitri has been exposing
last-mile issues lots of bug fixes
everywhere
and yeah I've been also working on
refactoring would appear there is an
issue on just a few degree call with
review next that lists all the issues
that are happening there for the IPL be
part mostly the squad really does being
Walker but has been working on that and
I act as a support Booker I don't know
if you are still around in its call and
you shouldn't to share a bit yourself
but like okay you prefer to
good here so on the on the idea this
side yes oh it's so much a trace I know
this stuff is basically me and yeah I'm
basically working on this quarter to
kind of get it cleaned up getting some
documentation some tutorials it can be
easy to get started yeah that that's
basically what I work on and two new
formats were added to just a plv length
Bitcoin empty cash so right now I
believe we have full feature authority
we IPL the ingo with I guess the
difference being that we have the back
API available for people straight up and
so yeah what there will be an example
that Volker is working on or and I
played an example so that people can
like check this out themselves and I
think this is it there's a lot of work
also in dynamic data and Peter isn't
around but Pedro like so dynamic data
things like CR DPS
there there is a repo for this working
group that has a lot of issues with
current research problems on TR d
landscape things like garbage collection
snapshotting fast sinks and so on
Pedro has done a great job of like
explaining those problems and explaining
why they are important so definitely
check out repo and the thing that he has
been that he has been focusing more for
the last couple of weeks he's really
connection management for just if you're
appear which is the the bane like the
the the place in Jessup EFS where a lot
of resources get consumed and so given
that there is a super top priority it
kind of to these focus to focus on
that piece and I we get the repo says
you can check check all those issues
that I'm talking about
the notes you don't have twittering then
less Lytle let's go to the we've covered
well I guess actually just a prompt part
of what what's implicit in what two
beads saying and the way these are
structured is showing part of this work
that the court working group is doing of
giving more of a sense of what are the
working groups and what are their
responsibilities and part of that is a
bunch of people have sort of moved out
to being working primarily in working
groups rather than in the core
implementations of particular protocols
and so now we're kind of back filling
those teams to maintain the protocols
and so we've go I people's JFS clustered
and why didn't you want to give lowers I
think I saw Hector stan has his hand out
Steven did you have a question no I can
get the go up ah okay go ahead
yeah go for it give it a go if SST so
actually Jeremy has moved a lot of
importance is in magic 60k text earlier
and be bigger than myself
these are some working laws on what's up
and Griffin had to be Kaitlyn I've been
working on the Liz BP refactor on the go
side retired to do that to get or
working it's going to slow I'm trying to
work for something consistent season I
would use context we've also been trying
to cut a new release that is currently
blocked on some fallout from the a bit
of content lib is our CEO lighting
library that is it's good crisp and this
is real is also working on improving the
performance of keyboard decoding and
encoding in Ivy League
all right Morgan go up you piss in it I
think I did all right
thanks to me Wyatt or hectored want to
what do you want to do that update yep
yes I'm Glasser
we are very mostly working on on the
objective number two cluster can ingest
and store large files
this means that clusters should be able
to to distribute a large archive among
multiple ipfs notes and that's a
recommended if you have a working
prototype by the end of this quarter and
Wyatt is spearheading all this work
Larry whoever is typing to be continued
thank you
yes secondarily we have other objectives
which are also partially getting worked
on cluster is stable production grade
ipfs for the class distribution we
mostly group under this objective just
fixing issues doing the small features
stability improvements and another of
testing the testing side is not getting
dumb too much so far but we have to see
right it depends how how we have we do
the large files thing and if we have
some time at the end of the quarter we
probably make some more progress there
and then I'm done below we have advanced
fault tolerance we put this as an
objectives even even though we know it
is a rather long term and it comes after
after sharing after large files this
means that we will support here like
alternative
alternative strategies for veterans like
forward error correction correction and
we have like a small drafters on some
paragraphs of how we do this but we were
not gonna have time this quarter to to
go into this using cluster is a
delightful experience we wanted to get a
logo and we would wanted to get some
illustrations for this quarter and this
is I think under way we also want to
start thinking of having a website where
we can put a documentation etc yeah as
you can see many of these we haven't
started and we don't think we will have
time for this but it is good have we
written down wrote them down so so we
can carry them off to the to the next
quarter easily the cluster team will be
growing next month and we can talk about
that next month probably and welcome
adriaen and we're still looking to grown
the governor this idea first side of
things which is a completely separate
project but the main a stakeholder there
right now it's cluster because we have a
lot of cluster tests for kubernetes ipfs
and the last objective was some Simeone
collaboration with partners we wanted to
to start having closer collaborations
with some people that may deploy and
make use of ipfs cluster we haven't
started working on them but it is
probably it's something that is really
going to materialize extract starting
next quarter to when we have large file
support because this is something that
many groups will be interested in does
anyone have any questions
okay thanks victory that's getting
towards the end list Jenny
Oh web browsers yeah yeah so like for
the first part of this quarter in
browser in web browsers working group
mostly focused on the first one and I'd
say third one on the having shared
understanding of how IP fest should work
in web browsers it was a lot of
prototyping and designing design related
work done by Agatha and at this stage we
have like more most free for our around
70% ID say of the design work is done by
Agatha and the team started to
extracting some design language into
reusable components and libraries we
already are using it in the parts of
companion ipfs desktop is totally being
redesigned using this common visual
language so that's an ongoing work will
continue and on the moving towards ipfs
working seamlessly in web browsers we
have those two key features that will be
released this quarter when we finish
solving all the user experience issues
first one is the swindle ipfs which
exposes api in efficient manner so that
we can have one note instead of one note
per website and second one is having
ipfs companion
having uploading of files to ipfs
work without third-party note so that
user can upload files even that there is
no go IVFs installed in the system those
are features we are focusing on some
smaller things are solved some new
things have priority so we may be able
to close some stuff but we may need to
prepare prioritize for example mozilla
change the way they publish by the
developer channel which to be exact they
are shutting it down and we have to
figure out a different way of publishing
Bettis so it's something we did not
anticipate and i think we need to
address it as a part of moving towards
ipfs working seamlessly new browsers or
as a part of second one for the
remaining part of this quarter we'll be
trying to address second one and maybe
the fourth one
mostly I'll be working on creating this
spec of addressing content of the
centralized web and helping others from
the working group tool to work with
their work on those okey ours yeah I
think that's from my end
all right thanks and then we have anyone
who can give an update on the docs and
education oh well okay
there's Lars is not here and then rob
has been doing a lot of work on he was
preparing for an overhaul in from of the
information architecture of our
documentation those are the main updates
on the dachshund education Viktor want
to quickly touch on
it's mainly lost during the infra but I
do know he is moving forward with it's
moving off in to terraform things as
well and pilots is working on making the
gateways better on the handle or node
better that's as much as I know about
the infrastructure stuff but with the
dev team enablement which is the working
group that I'm 100% on the plan is to
move on the CIA stuff to Jenkins so we
can run a chapter and we can build
however we want with with whatever we
want basically more flexibility it's
moving forward we almost caught it fully
working in J's ipfs go ipfs is missing
the shortcuts right now and some parsing
of the test input other than that we
have bunch of projects that were using
Jenkins already so it's getting are then
regarding the integration testing
Dimitri has been doing some progress on
the Interop repository so we're moving
forward without us for trying to make it
a bit easier to write the test and to
maintain the past as well with the
developer productivity which is the
board
ergative we have we me I haven't done
too much on it the plan was to have more
time to focus on a chair and to make
sure we have a maintainer there I had
not had too much time so far but I'm
getting there the most work have been on
setting up a process for people to
report time things that I hope will be
ready soon then regarding the fifth one
the plan is to have a bit better
maintenance and standard from module
creation hath not came very further
either and might not have much time left
to work on this this quarter but
they're 6:1 I'm doing some good progress
on trying to refactor at the touch may
need to isolate them so we could run
them in parallel and that we don't have
false positive false I guess for the
tests which happens frequently when we
run tests and they forgot to clean
something up so making good progress
there that's one that's the the quick
overview of things all right I think
that's everything did I miss anyone ok
stop sharing and then that's the update
of the ongoing work this quarter and the
next agenda item is demos so we have a
four-minute one on a window that ipfs in
five minutes on peer-to-peer testbed
demo and then we'll be oh we have we
have time for one of them so that's
actually good the one is pre-recorded
okay so wishes we can just let people
watch it on their own time so great and
is that that's the link that's already
there versus window that IP festival
based permissions yeah yeah it's related
to this document I've talked about
before so and then who proposed the
peer-to-peer testbed demo go for it cool
yeah it's to be really quick I'll do
this lightning fast but forest
introduced some requests tracing stuff
into Lib pap a little while ago and we
are and we've been working on our
distributed algorithms are awful I mean
Eid to improve them and to do that we
sort of need to learn a few things about
writing a good distributed algorithm and
so I just want to make everybody aware
of this quick repo that we've built to
sort of help because we think it'll help
other people understand peer-to-peer are
things a little better through
visualizing through request trees so
really quickly I will share my screen
and hopefully walk through some of this
so for those of you yeah this is the
repo itself it's really really small but
it basically does one thing you can run
peer-to-peer test
but and it'll spit up a simulated
Network with in this case 20 nodes in it
and then it will do a couple
peer-to-peer things it'll record those
traces and make that available at this
URL which I can show you here yeah so if
we go to this hit this this is actually
a recording of traces of a couple of
distributed algorithms in execution so
we can actually see the like set up and
if I I find this person I find this
tracing sort of information really nice
this spans sort of says this is how long
it took to set things up this is the
creation of the actual network and then
we can drill into the actual pure
connection work and so this is every
peer dialing to every other peer and our
little simulated network we could see
how long each one of those took and then
where I think it gets more interesting
is building sort of using the p2p to do
distributed algorithms we can actually
sort of walk through what happened when
the test spun up it's sort of ran a
shendi Lamport snapshot I have a better
demonstration here which and so this
actually shows the execution of each
peer running the snapshot in parallel
and so I don't want to take up too much
time because I know everybody has to
leave for one o'clock but I just want to
make everybody aware of this we're gonna
be sort of actively trying to develop
good examples of peer-to-peer algorithms
in this repo and testing them out here
first with an emphasis on request
tracing because I think that it's a
really nice demonstration of the actual
execution of a individual request and
using the open tracing protocol you can
actually it's a set at arbitrary state
to any trace and so here you can
actually see what each in the shanty
lamport's lab snapshot it's recording of
each peers local state and a given point
and so you can actually see what each
peer recorded which makes for I think it
makes a little easier to sort of tell
the story of a distributed algorithm in
action and yeah it's been it's already
been massively helpful for us in terms
of debugging and under saying as you can
see we have some sort of bug where this
snapshot is finalizing too early but
yeah so the peer the repos here would be
more than welcome to welcome any for
requests on it and well I think will be
the most exciting is when the new
logging package
for inside of ipfs itself this can you
can actually leverage events in go log
and those will show up in traces as
events as well so you actually will get
introspection into the whole lid p2p
stack as it's executing which would be I
think really exciting yeah so that's
about it I'd be happy to take questions
if anybody has questions now amazing I
love it when I give a perfect demo and
so it's great but yeah pr's welcome
sorry go ahead zoom I can't do this
awesome
yeah yeah pr's welcome if you want to
submit something in there and
particularly if you want to tell us what
we're doing wrong that would be like our
biggest yeah welcome thing but yeah I
think it'd be really fun to develop some
examples from people so they can see
these things were cool great thank you
and thank you for finishing one minute
before yeah so thanks everyone that was
sort of a reversion back to our
hour-long format and that's actually
some good thing to flag for redesigning
things when we have these periodic
updates we will have to have longer
calls but better to have it scheduled so
everyone knows all right so thank you
everyone and we'll see you online this
week and we'll have a bunch of updates
for next week including a fixed helper
bot giving people assigning people to
the moderator in note-taking next week
so thank you see Ron thank you have a
nice day bye bye